[NEAT]
fitness_criterion     = max
fitness_threshold     = 1000
pop_size              = 50
reset_on_extinction   = False

[DefaultGenome]
# Node activation options
activation_default    = sigmoid
activation_mutate_rate = 0.1
activation_options    = sigmoid

# Node aggregation options
aggregation_default   = sum
aggregation_mutate_rate = 0.0
aggregation_options   = sum

# Node bias options
bias_init_mean        = 0.0
bias_init_stdev       = 1.0
bias_max_value        = 30.0
bias_min_value        = -30.0
bias_mutate_power     = 0.5
bias_mutate_rate      = 0.7
bias_replace_rate     = 0.1

# Connection add/remove rates
conn_add_prob         = 0.5
conn_delete_prob      = 0.5

# Connection enable options
enabled_default       = True
enabled_mutate_rate   = 0.01

# Compatibility threshold options
compatibility_disjoint_coefficient = 1.0
compatibility_weight_coefficient = 0.5

# Initial connection options
initial_connection     = full

# Node add/remove rates
node_add_prob          = 0.2
node_delete_prob       = 0.2

# Network parameters
num_hidden             = 0
num_inputs             = 3
num_outputs            = 1
